docs: Clarify committer vote procedures (#22787)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/community/governance/commit_access.rst

-  If the candidate agrees access is granted by setting up commit access
   to the repos. The new committer is invited to the #committers Slack channel,

>    *after* the nomination poll and related discussions have been deleted. There

Reviewer: Should we also explicitly state the motivation for deleting the poll result and related discussions?

Vote Results for Grant of Commit Access
---------------------------------------

> Vote results should be reported based on the vote count, ie after applying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vote results should be reported based on the vote count, i.e. after applying the
```

Vote Results for Revocation of Commit Access
--------------------------------------------

> Vote results should be reported based on the vote count, ie after applying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vote results should be reported based on the vote count, i.e. after applying the
```
